It's not really my type of scene, but hey, the food is good.  Drinks have a reasonable price.  The place is clean, and the karaoke is also.  The employees are friendly in this area.  It's not too bad of a place to just lounge around.
Came here for the norebang after a heavy night of drinking.  Ordered up some soju and beer (which they serve in a tall cylinder with a spout on the bottom to pour yourself).  The room was clean & the sound system was decent.  The song selections sucked though, didn't even have the ones you'd expect.  The food was really good though (chigaes, dukbokki, fried chicken, etc.)....guess that makes sense since this is attached to a restaurant.  Maybe I'll come back and hit up the restaurant next time I'm in town.
No longer open for lunch.
Great off the strip Korean bar and karaoke place. Decently priced and awesome wings. The wings were perfect: lots of meat, moist on the inside and so deliciously crisp and flavorful on the inside. If you're a wing lover def worth checking this place out. 

I also got the house wine which was a Robert Mondavi select cab. Surprisingly good and waitress filled it to the rim; always a plus to get a heavy pour of drinkable wine.
great service, love the chicken and beer!
Great food, great company@ a great price.
i love BBQ Chicken in California and was excited to see the logo in vegas.  It was quite interesting,  they serve the BBQ Chicken here, but its not BBQ Chicken the restaurant.  

It's a cool little korean bar/ bar food type of place.

cool place to chill
Food's pricey & the men's bathroom is run down (the paper towel dispenser fell off the wall).  I like their fried chicken but my buddy wasn't impressed.  Don't bother with the shrimp fried rice which has the shrimp the size of krill.

At least the waitresses are friendly & your table having a buzzer button to call for a waitress is handy.
Oh, my. Let's just say I had pleasant dreams that night of Clover's UYE - thanks to the classy bathroom visit. xD

We had fun singing along and eating the awesome snack chicken food. English song selection lacked a bit for my tracks and the feedback was rather tiresome.
Came here for a birthday dinner and after we ended in one of the private karaoke rooms.  First, dinner.  I ordered the Korean fried chicken and it was good but it was just fried chicken so I don't get what all the hype is about.  However, the sauce that came with it was excellent .  The drinks ordered for the table were interesting in their presentation, the towering beer, the drinks in hollowed out melon, etc.  Not sure if  all nights end in Bazic turning into a club but that's what happened the night I was there.        We had a large party and service was great.
Bazic
It's a typical Korean karoake/lounge/full bar/restaurant that serves plenty of alcohol and food.  Their spicy fried chicken is the BOMB and it beats KFC, Popeyes, and Churchs chicken in quality and taste.  Alot of fond memories here, too bad the last time I went it was dead, and this was on a Friday night so perhaps this place has lost its popularity.
This is my other go-to karaoke bar! The food, service, and song selections are great. It doesn't smell funky like Zizzy does, which is a big plus. 

For an interesting surprise, go to the bathroom and check out the wall decor lol
I am addicted to BB wings!  If you're going for the first time this is a must.  Service is always fast and friendly and the late hours make it a great spot after work, club, or bar.
I went here with a friend after our post-lecture dinner for some drinks.  We got the yogurt soju and between the two of us, we finished 3 bottles.  We skipped the food part as we were still full.

The atmosphere was great.  The music wasn't blaring so my friend and I actually got to chat.  Service was good.  

By our fourth bottle, I had to call for some reinforcement and DD.  A great time was had and I can't wait to take my other friends here sometime next week to celebrate their birthday.
The food was way overpriced in my opinion.  But, it reminded me of Hawaii karaoke bars and we had a good time.
Bazic karaoke rooms are big compare to other karaoke. I came here with 30people for private karaoke room for my b-day we all had fun. Great food especially chicken wings spicy BB and Deri Q (must try)!! One thing I like about this place is they have a full bar. I been to Q karaoke, its great but i highly recommend this place. All staff were very friendly and constantly taking care od my group. I would def come back!!
Use caution when going in large groups. I thought it would be fun to have my birthday party here. We called the week before to make a reservation for 15, then the day before to say it would be 20, but they didn't have any record of our reservation at all.  They fit us in fine, but then the food took forever to come out and they brought us our plates one at a time. Apparently they only had 1 cook. The food was alright and decently priced.

The karaoke room was really fun.  They have a ton of songs and the room itself is very reasonably priced.  It ended up being a fun night for karaoke, just not great for food.

Oh, and reeeeally weird art in the girl's bathroom....
Best Korean bar in town, good food and good service!
We changed our number. Its now 702.998.1060 ~ 
We will start with some great new menu items.  Come visit us and check out our new items ~
