Have to give 4 stars to this particular BK. Always excellent quick service. Orders always accurate. Food cooked fresh. Breakfast tomorrow, maybe!
This fast food place almost ALWAYS gets my order wrong. They charge me for things that they don't have. The lettuces on the garden salad is always weltered. Besides the staff being EXTREMELY unprofessional, the wait time is always long.
I've been here several times.I have no big complaints against this store, as they've always gotten my order correct.
New, clean but horrible service. Waited 20 minutes for two breakfast sandwiches.
Why aren't there more in CLT. This is a good location. Hot food. Acceptable fast food service. Yay
It's called fast food. Not wait for three hours for a fricking burger food. WTF  how hard is it honestly?
What can I say it was burger king. This place was nicer than most other locations and everything was correct!
Had a drive for a fast food and decided to stop here. Nothing more, nothing else. Whopper was good. They have a new soda machine - fun to play with
Awesome food, awesome service (night crew), awesome time. Thanks guys
If you come here to dine in close to closing time DO NOT sit in the back section or you will get scolded by the Latina hussie behind the counter.
Drive thur seem very nice lol thanks for the food id recommend to anyone in this area for a lunch dinner or a snack. They got everything for fish sandwiches burgers and salads to Oreo shake and Reese cup pies !!! I love it
The helpful female behind the counter casually taking my double whopper meal order just a few mins before closing with a  friendly smile on her face was enough to forget your in a sketchy area late at night. I very much enjoy my endless options at the soda machine and the clean tables in the dining area.
Closed!
BK has some of the best fast food onion rings.
Very slow service. Food is typical for BK.
Nothings changed here. Walked up to order breakfast, and the "manager" and crew members just ignored me. Guess why? They were discussing how to increase sales! Priceless.
Always a good breakfast. Whopper is always a good charbroiled burger. New drinks and desserts are a plus.
I love their cranberry, apple & grilled chicken salad. The lettuce is fresh and the blue cheese does not taste cheap. The restaurant itself is clean and well furnished.
Cold food. Don't waste your time or money.
When something goes wrong, they don't stand behind the food they sell.
Burger King sucks. Took forever to get my food. They forgot to give me my drink and didn't give me sauce
Slow. This is not fast food. Why are the drinks going back and forth from the service window to the car in front of me? Drinks should only go out. And why, after an interminable wait, is my food not ready and the guy at the window is disin the middle of the afternoon when there is no one behind me?
Haven't eaten BK is a while.
It's greasier than I remember (i.e. Chicken fries). I tried the tender grill chicken sandwich - it was falling apart, soggy and not at all tasty.
My hubby's burger wasn't that much better.
Food is always fresh and fast. Clean bathrooms.  Pleasant experience. Great staff, very nice and prompt.
As far as fast food goes they do well; never a long wait, employees are friendly, and orders are correct.
Manager corrected issues noted in last review. .very satisfied. ..will recommend this BK
Very nice staff. Prompt delivery when ordering your food. New renovated store. Clean restrooms.  Definitely will go there again.
Clean store. Prompt service with very nice staff! Food is fresh. Clean restrooms.  Always a pleasure when I'm stopping for something quick to eat.
Always had good and fast service at this location.
i came in and there was no one at the front. i  hear them laughing in the back. i had to say something before anyone came to take my order.
Not super fast wait but nothing to complain about food was fresh tasting and service was friendly
Nastiest window staff... No napkins... Had to ask for my drink.... Can't believe I stopped and and was blown away about the teams lethargic attitude.... You guys definitely made an impression on me!!
This location is ok if you don't mind seeing the manager sitting in the middle of the dining area on her computer and PLUCKING THE HAIR FROM HER CHIN.  WT.
This is the best Berger King ever. 10 starsI lobe the food and service here
Update: they have totally remodeled.
Tried this Burger King again. I sat in line at the drive thru for 45 minutes while the three employees just stood around. I left without getting anything. I watched 4 other customers just give up and leave before I did.
Clean restaurant, clean bathrooms and food is always prompt. Great staff, great attention and attitude to the customer.
Well, I have to say , even with the coupons, it cost me $8.00. ???? 
Didn't order but 2 of the $1.00 menu a drink and onion  rings.
$8.00 . Got to start making better decisions
ordered the new A-1 bacon double cheese burger at 5.99 got home and there was no bacon. very disapointed. will return for my money back tomorrow
Not bad...normal burger king....descent food and service but the soda machine was broken.  Not cool.
It's closed and the building is empty. Just letting you know
live close by so it's a great place to get a burger!!!!!!!!!!great place great friendly staff
Compared to other BKs, it's somewhere in the middle.  The tables all looked like they needed to be cleaned.  Thankfully I had my trusty sanitizer wipes with me.  Other than that, the food tastes like any other BK.
Thank goodness they remodeled. If you like Burger King. You will dig this location. New always feels better. The food tastes better.
it was actually good.,
Got my food fast and efficient.  Staff was very nice. Bathrooms and lobby are clean . What more can you ask for.
For a fast food chain, cheap and Sometimes semi fast food, this particular BK isn't too shabby.
They recently reconstructed this Burger King, making it the nicest upscale BK I've ever been inside! Two BIG flat screen TV's are up now!!! Really clean inside and quality, fresh food. The people working are also helpful and kind.
This is the best Burger King location I've been to.  The service was very friendly and the food was great, especially the chicken fries.  I recommend this location to anyone who's a Burger King fan.
Yesterday I ordered the Extra long BBQ Cheeseburger and the Original Chicken Sandwich. Both of them were good andthey satifiyed my hunger.
Your average run of  the mill everyday burger king.
Food is stale and bland. You get a nice mouth full of byproduct aka meat/chicken with each bite. Service is slow.
Never enough employees working especially in the morning. Food is good and customer service is standard. Just wish they had more people working there to speed up the process.
Its burger king, what do you expect.
Took forever to get my order and then they mess it up. It's fastfood...really?
Average location. Only used drive thru. Speed was OK, order was right. In a strip mall close to other stores. Convenient.
This is slow fast food, at least at night. Food was good but they were having everyone pull around to the front parking lot and wait for their food.

Love chicken fries.
No matter if I visit in the morning, afternoon or evening this Burger King is excellent in their display of professionalism, customer service and courtesy. It seems they have a very good management team here.

Their local burger competition has a thing or two to learn. Stand back, Ronald!!!There's a new king in town!!!
Read other reviews and have to disagree a little. Been there about 5 times. I guess I was fortunate. Never had a long wait. Counter always polite. The food is Burger King quality. Edible and my orders correct.
Great service & food with the best part being the place was nearly spotless!
I work nearby and have nothing negative to say about this location. They don't screw up your order which is always nice (ordering in or at the drive-thru). The staff is polite and unlike a lot of places no one is yelling or cursing at each other. Loses a star because it could you use a little facelift.
This used to be a good Burger King. Long lines of people at the counter returning food. Wrong food given to the wrong customers. Management needs to address the poor customer service. Several times found people practically bathing in the bathrooms.
Average location. Clean, drive thru is a little slow, but employees are friendly and helpful.
No self fill drink station? Shameful!

I know this is Las Vegas, but don't gamble on the power of filling up your own drinks!
Really slow. If it was fine dining I would expect to wait :15 for a simple order of chicken strips. But it's not fine dining--it's Burger King.
I love this burger king location it's not far from my house and the quality of food is sort of hit or miss but it's still good for what it is and the customer service is pretty good each time I come here.
Its the same as any other Burger king. Not a fan of the California Burger or maybe they didn't make it right. The guacamole was way to salty. No need to mess with guac leave it alone BK.
Very nice morning crew. Was very helpful and pleasant with me since it was taking me so long to figure out what I wanted (im a mcdonalds breakfast guy) well done Burger king well done. But I did forget the cina rolls. I guess I will have to go back tomorrow.
Really? You have a wet floor sign blocking drive thru? And a handwritten sign on the door? Your closes at 330pm on a damn Friday?! Idiots must run this location!!!
Burger King is gross. And the food is old and terrible. Close the place down and put in something decent. Summerlin allowed the worst possible choice in their limited fast food restrictions.
Terrible service. I just went in a few min ago, I was first in line and waited 5 min for someone, anyone to acknowledge me and take my order. Lots of people behind the counter. All apparently waiting on drive thru customers. Not one employee to work the counter and serve the walk in customers. So, they did not get my business, I just left and will never go back. They don't want my money? They won't get it.
Standard Burger King fare served at a snail's pace.  One cook, one sandwich maker, one cashier, plus 30 people in the queue.

Please help the economy and the waiting customers by hiring some staff!
Over priced even by airport standards.
One of the best Whoppers with cheese I've had in a long time!
Over $23 dollars for 2 "value" meals and both my husband and I got sick. Don't waste your money or ruin your health.
Never want to burgers king and not have chicken strip but they have it on the menus  runout or they don't stock up on item the service could been better
Good location with excellent staff! My daughters school does fundraiser nights here often. Always a great experience here!
It's a Burger King and nicer than most. Clean, friendly staff and a nice play area... A little slow on the service though.
This place has got to be the slowest Burger King on earth. It also doesn't help when someone in front of you orders $36 worth of food.
Great customer service. The order taker was kind, patient and looked happy to help me. It was Good hot n fresh. They always hire good staff. I am not a family or friend of anyone there I just really enjoyed my visit yesterday. Going to go the survey too.
This BK has always been busy  and the drive through always packed.  I think the design of the building is more conducive to the drive thru especially since the parking feels like a death trap.

The inside is kept clean, sometimes the line on the inside is just as long as the drive through line wrapping around the building.
The worst case of customer service ever. I have came here often and its horrible. The staff has the worst attitude, it takes extremely long and they don't pay attention
Phone number goes to a fax machine!!!! And they don't post their hours...big pet peeve.
Order was wrong charged me for a meal just wanted drink and sandwich over charged me as well charged me meal price
Usually a very clean store but not tonight. Food cold and store was a mess. Stay away until this store gets it together
I love love love Lynette! She was super friendly and kind! AND what I got my chicken fries they had smiley faces on the box. It's the little things that matter most!
Quick  and friendly service. 
Cheap prices. 
Great food.
very bad service. since no ther fast food center there near, forcefully we have t go here, else pls pls avoid.
Always dependable. Hot and fresh breakfast, made to order burgers.
Slowest Burger King in the history of Burger King restaurants.  Seriously took 20 mins to get our food.
22 minutes. That's how long it took them to get me a double cheeseburger and fries. Re-goddamn-diculous. They weren't busy, and there were 3 guys there working. Me and my 2 friends were the only ones in the store. So I ask, WTF mate?
Why do I keep going here?  Burger King is good but their prices suck compared to their competitors.  I do enjoy their burgers more than alot other fast food places but their prices usually make me pass them by.
Late night Staff has no personality. I know it's a fast food place...But if you work their respect you employment. and remember their are 10,000 people waiting for you to get fired to take your job.
I went thru the drive thru today and I must say they were fast and very friendly. Asked if I wanted condiments and wished me a great night and weekend. I am very happy with this place
The king is really doing it big. It's fun new casual look is so cool. Also it has a indoor playground very nice staff and to top it all lots of new things on the menu. The food is hot the store is super clean. Try the new peach tea its a personal favorite of mine.
Never too long of a wait. Staff is always talk-a-tive & smiling!

Not much to say. It's a typical fast food joint.
It is an airport burger king alright
clean, fast, and efficient. not so sure about the access back to vegas blvd, but hey, can't have it all for a bargain price. far cheaper than anything on or near the strip and worth the drive.
It's a Burger King. The building is pretty cool looking and the interior has a nice setup, but it's still Burger King. That fake grill flavor is rancid. Service isn't great, but it's Burger King.
Fast, friendly, fresh hot food
Why does if feel like all burger kings I go to has such slow service.... Food is good for fast food, clean on the inside but restroom is dirty.
$12 for a combo meal burger and $10 for 3 chicken strips...what a joke!
Hit or miss on customer service.  Always check your order when using the drive thru.
I often stop for breakfasrt and find the morning crew friendly and helpful, plus they get my order right.  It's nice to curtesy service from a fast food resturaunt.
I work nearby and have nothing negative to say about this location. They don't screw up your order which is always nice (ordering in or at the drive-thru). The staff is polite and unlike a lot of places no one is yelling or cursing at each other. Loses a star because it could you use a little facelift.
My breakfast croissant was dry and nasty not fresh.
Very bad branch, we arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the branch manager just closed the door in our face, very rude staff especially girl name Yem.
Don't go there!
First thing that I noticed walking in was the funky smell they had in the location.
This is the only fast food I eat (at least try) because the standarts are usually higher....
Then the credit machine didn't print out my slip and the overall look and feel was pretty bad.
A customer near me just complained on the taste.....
Good thing I have a strong stomach,  so I'm ready for  an adventure. ...
Won't be back 2 this location again.... 
Improvement is a must!
There is nothing outstanding about the food at this location. They are Burger King. Isn't that the point of fast food?  Continuity. What I really like? They are right off the belt line so they are fast. This is outstanding. Even when the line is out of the parking lot, they get you through quickly.
OH MY GOD.  The quality of the food isn't like any other burger king.  There doing something wrong and they don't care.   Do yourself a favor people, read everyone else's post ' pretty similar.
Closest Burger King to my house, this place is really bad. The food is atrocious, never correct, stay away from this establishment.
We go here my husband and I and the employees are quick and always nice. They never get our order wrong and burgers are made correctly. We get different cashier at the window and they are all good and professional. As far as the location, yes there are homeless but so what? Theyre not the one making your burgers!
Dont try the buffalo chix strips, they tasted horrible and over cooked, the buffalo sauce tasted like vinegar straight out of the bottle. i paid over $10 for the "meal"
Worst welcome. Worst delivery. Worst everything. Do them a favor and use the kiosk asking for opinions. Maybe it will matter.
Absolutely ridiculous they DO NOT honor 10 nuggets for $1.49 as advertised on TV!!!  Food took awhile but was hot. Guy taking my order seemed dead inside.
Very rude when it's gets close to closing time. They yelled at customers who tried to get in line after they announced they were closing. Service was very slow. Poor attitudes all around.
Friendly staff tonight! And the best part... $1 Iced Coffee in Large, Medium or Small sizes!!! Perfect!
Best Whopper I've had in awhile. Great quality for a fast food place. .it seem to be going down hill everywhere else ..but not here everything was hot and fresh and the cashier was very welcoming she greeted us with a nice smile and a hello. Thanks!
Don't go here unless you wanna pay 3.69 for a simple double cheeseburger.  Crazy prices.
Typical burger king. Place doesn't look up to par with other bk restaurants. The staff are hit and miss. Sometimes they're courteous and friendly but other times its obvious they don't want to work here.
