I was looking for a good dessert place but didn't want to drive out to snow flakes. The place is hidden away in the corner. This place is awesome with lots of toppings! It is much better than the traditional shaved ice place.
First time came in a bit late but service was still great and very friendly. Thought it might have been similar to shaved ice but for fealt more equivalent to what im assuming eating a cloud feels like. The combination of flavors of pineapple, lychee, strawberry and condensed milk was deliciousand the presentation was lovely. My girlfriend and i will certainly be returning with a bigger crowd for sure next time!
Went in yesterday for a Thai Iced Tea while it was blistering hot outside. 

Being that this establishment is brand spankin' new, I expected a warmer welcoming. 

The cashier did not look happy to be there and my drink was just okay. 

I was bummed by my experience because I live right around the corner and was looking for my go-to drink place, but there are a million and one more places to find a Thai iced tea in town.
Finally one that's close by our place with good boba and snow ice!! We got the lemon tea w boba - soft ans yummy boba. Also got the peanut snow ice - the small was huge! Friendly and clean location!! We'll definitely be back!
Conveniently located on S. Rainbow behind DQ. Lots of food places in the area and this is a great place for dessert.  Not need to drive down to Spring Mountain area.  nice atmosphere, friendly service and refreshing, especially on hot summer days.
This place is really great, the presentation and dessert is awesome! The small is not worth it and forces you to buy the large size which is a bit pricey! All in all great service! Will come again.
Loving ice monster!  Outstanding shaved ice, pastries rock and laid back atmosphere.  Games to chill with friends and family too.
I've been looking everywhere for a place that serves iced tea with sea salt cream and I'm so happy that I've finally found one. I was curious to know what Gong Cha was on the menu and so I ordered it. Low and behold it was what I have been looking for all along.
Loved the ambience. The boba was ok I only wished that the milk tea was boiled instead of powder. Didn't get to taste the dessert but looked so amazing and the snow ice looks fantastic ! The workers were very pleasant and very wiling to accommodate me and customized the sweetness of my milk tea.
This place is cute to hang out at. We had the lychee pineapple snow, strawberry cake, smoothies & mango sorbet and everything was delicious!!! Even had a few games w jenga. Our experience was fabulous!!!
Good concept, way over priced for a very limited small menu. I was hoping we'd find a new it place to go but this place is just mehhhhh. We'd still drive all way to Easy Life or Sp Mtn.
Hmmm, not really our taste. I had a caramel latte, which was good, but with about a third left, was all ice. We didn't know what to expect with "snow fluff", but I don't think we'll be having anymore - probably a texture issue. Weren't expecting coffee "jello" on top of shaved ice that resembled fried rice. Others seemed to like the place, so try it for yourself...
So amazing!!  Try the strawberry creation!  It is absolutely divine!  Love that they are open til 1am everyday as well!
Friendly cashier and the place is very clean. I been there a lot since its opening. I love their taro redbean sensation,and coffee ice-cream. Seriously their ice-cream taste so goodddd. i also had their cake, it was alright. Anyway i will keep going back for their snow fluff. Very recommend :)
I do feel like it's a bit overpriced and the selection definitely isn't something that amazes me, the customer service and cozy feel to Ice Monster Cafe is definitely deserving of four stars :) 

you can tell it's a new business and I certainly see the potential in a place like this.
Not sure what the hype is all about. My brother was talking about how great and tasty their fluffy ice is. We ordered lychee, strawberry and green tea with red bean. 

Lychee and strawberry was alright, had more flavor than green tea. It was also drenched with sweet syrup. 

Definitely not a place I would thinking of coming for dessert.
The good: it's open super late, the coffee is really good, the place is CLEAN, and the staff is very friendly.

The bad: All the photos you see for this place are not accurate. They have ZERO chocolate pastries of any kind. Apparently that changed. I was bummed out. I will say their strawberry cake was lovely.
Great service, very clean and I love their honey toast:)...must try when in the neighborhood.
My second time coming here and I really like the food. The fluff is delicious and the iced double mocha coffee is too. The iced coffees come in one size but it is well worth the price  and you can definately taste the coffee. It's not drowned in chocolate like other places.
Tried this place for the first time and my daughter and I ordered Lychee & Pineapple Snow and Thai iced tea....I must say they are quick, delish & presentation was awesome :) we enjoyed our treat and will definitely return to try something new!!!
I'm so upset. I usually come just for the sea foam milk tea.. And they took it off the menu. Whyyyyy????
Went in for the 1st time.  It was nice place. Good vibe. A few people were around having dessert. I got to say its very clean! Barista made sure to wash his hands. Blended Chai Vanilla Latte was not bad. I'll come back again to try more coffee that's for sure!
Came back to get some more coffee. After I got my Iced Coffee, it would seem like the boss was arguing with one of his employees. I think it was unprofessional to be talking to an employee that way in front of customers and it really made things uncomfortable. Save "The Talk" for a more appropriate time please and use better language. Minus 2 stars.
Ice monster cafe is the bomb dot com seriously don't know how I went so long without trying it. Comparable to Kuma and Snowflake, Ice Monster Cafe has much more flavor and amazing employees shoutout my girls Thuy and Myra! Great overall experience
Drink was okay, nothing special. The wait was a bit long. Maybe I came when the place was fairly new? Seemed like the staff was still learning. Interior was nice. I'm on the fence giving this place 2 or 3 stars.
Pretty good, not amazing but it was a clean friendly place to hang out. Presentation are super cool even in a to go cup. Will probably come back here again.
Great customer service, delicious desserts, and affordable prices keep me coming back whenever I'm craving something sweet. The thai tea snow fluff is my favorite! The store is clean and beautifully decorated, and there are board games to play while you eat. Overall its a great atmosphere and I would highly recommend this place. :)
Went to lunch with friends and decided to drop in for some dessert. I ordered a small mango and it could easily be enough to share with another. The only downfall is they were open from 2-11pm on Saturday. It's a full service where they bring your order to the table which is really nice and pick up after you so worth tipping when you pay at the counter.
Mango Sensation!! This yummy, delicious dessert speaks for itself. A definite must try!!
I came to this place twice.  First time, I got a drink and shaved ice.  The second time, I got one of their milk tea drinks.  Both times, the service was good.  The drinks were OK for Las Vegas.  5 stars for the service, 3 stars for the drinks and shaved ice.
Not worth the trip from Summerlin. Desserts we ordered were not bad. However, pastry display is sad looking and empty...
Could have been nice place but obviously owners don't have a clue how to maximize  their business.
Another important thing, no booster seats for little kids... With that said, we will not be back.
In my opinion, best shaved ice place in Las Vegas.Great place to sit down to chill out.
I went into there and had a few drinks with my friends. I got the honey milk tea boba and the boba was hard. It wasn't as good as other boba places. My friends and I liked the board games however, but didn't really enjoy the drinks.
First time eating here. Wait time was alright but worth it. Ordered the green tea/ red bean snow fluff and its bomb.com! With extra condensed milk! Will return to try more!!
Had the Mango and lychee snow - SO good! It's not on the menu but they have a version like that with pineapple. It was pretty quiet when we came in the afternoon. 

I will return for more!
Ordered the Taro & Red Bean MiLk Sensation, and it was the bomb!!! The server was reaLLy nice too. DefiniteLy going back. Yum!
Very good ice cream and snow cream. We had the mango snow and milk tea snow. It was light but creamy and so refreshing!
This place always has friendly staff. It's a very clean and beautiful setup inside. I love their desserts. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu!
Wife and I stopped by Ice Monster Cafe by accident, because Sweets Raku had a line out the door. Although no fault of Ice Monster, the parking lot was absolutely packed and I had to park curb side quite a bit always.  We had a red bean snow slush and it was DEL-ICI-OUS! The prices here are also very reasonable. Ice Monster Cafe is the place to go for your snow slush cravings!
Tried the coffee sensation and it tasted as good as it looks. It doesn't look like this place gets a constant stream of customers so there was only one person working, meaning if you have a group don't expect the service to be particularly fast. The place looks clean and they have a few board games available.
