Hello La Petite France Bistro, goodbye Zinc Bistro!!!!!
We loved La Petite France Bistro. This is the closest to real French food we have found in Scottsdale. The house wine was superb! Best crepes since Paris. If you can't work with the culture differences, and want fast service, go to a fast food joint, not a French restaurant.
Wow.  This place is really a find off the beaten path.  Family owned and lots of charm at a great price.

I've been here three times for breakfast and can't wait to come back.  My favorites are the provencal omelette and the chocolate croissants.
I went today with a french friend that explained the place have new owners; we were 6 adults and 3 babies. They only have 2 high chairs and 1 booster, that was ok. The orders came in different time and mine was the last one, because apparently they got confuse, so I had to eat fast. 
I ordered a crepe with ham, cheese and tomatoes, it was very good though. At the end the waiter came to apologize, he was very kind and explained that they are still in a process of organize everything. I will come back.
Stumbled across this place by accident.  What a great find.  While the menu and wine selction is narrow, everything I had was excellent.  The service was great and they are really French.  That shows through in the food.  It's the real meal deal.  Check it out.  I know I will definitely be going back.
My wife and I went to this French Bistro for lunch today. The food was excellent as was the service and friendliness of the owner. We were so impressed that we have invited friends to meet us there for brunch tomorrow !  This is a must restaurant !
Service needs to improve, as our Orange juices never came out and waiter never followed up to see if we wanted additional coffee, water, etc.

As for food, the omelette was very good and so was the espresso,  but the potatoes seemed old and lacked flavor and the croissants were nothing special to boast about.
after reading review had high expectations, unfortunately not me not my wife was able even finish our crapes, nothing else I can add to that
Amazing and a romantic place to take a loved one. Me and my ex girlfriend loved the food and atmosphere 100%
One of the best French restaurants in AZ, such a hidden treasure in Scottsdale! The bouillabaisse was Devine, prepared by a Canne native chef.
I'm still dreaming of my spinach and mushroom omelette and fresh croissant. The service was friendly, and extra points from this Wisconsinite for using the term "bubbler" for the drinking fountain!
Really great crepes and service. Location is a little hidden but worth tracking it down for Sunday brunch.
Great little place tucked in amongst a collection of shops. We went in on a Saturday morning and were surprised to see that we were only people there. It worked out because we were able to chat with one of the owners. It was a very pleasant experience and they clearly care about what they do.

Oh, the food was awesome, the Arizona crepe was particularly fantastic. Definitely going back.
Just had an amazing dinner ! Great ambience, service and exceptionally delicious food. I had the scallops and bf had the lamb. C'etait parfait. If you close your eyes, you will think you are in France ! We will be back very soon !!
Such a wonderful find in Scottsdale.  The tarts and vichyssoise was the best.  The banana split crepe was the perfect end to a fine meal.  The owner and chef were so gracious and attentive.  Will be coming here again soon. Merci
Lovely restaurant tucked away in the Seville shops. All wait staff and the chef (yes, the chef came to see how our food was!) was extremely friendly. House salad with homemade French dressing was superb, as were the frog legs and lamb medallions we ordered for entrees. The crepe belle-helene with pears, cinnamon and honey was a perfect ending to the meal. Will be back here more often for sure, and I'd recommend it to anyone looking for an authentic French experience. Also, beautiful pastries, especially if you come on the weekend :)
What's not amazing about this place?! Great service amazing delicious food.  Owner is a saint and prices a're very affordable. Love the crepes and pretty much anything served!!! There is limited parking for such a plaza bit it's worth the trip!!
Excellent! Wonderful meal and service! The crepes are amazing. Same room for the desert crepes.
Great food, great service, very reasonable prices.  We came in on a Friday night based largely on the Yelp reviews.  We were not disappointed.  The sea bass dish was incredible, but everything was great.
Just found finished Mother's Day brunch here. Another 5-star meal.  Smoked salmon crepes, croissant with eggs/bacon, and Nutella crepes. Everything was great.
Busy Saturday night!  Only 2 people waiting on people for restaurant week. Service was very slow and the food was tasteless. Very disappointed after hearing so many good thinks about this place
I always appreciate going to restaurants that are solely ran by the owner. I had a wonderful experience years ago at Cafe Monarch and La Petite France in the Scottsdale Seville shopping plaza is no different. Jeff and Valerie work very hard and always deliver top-notch service and food. Their french onion soup is my favorite - I would eat it daily if I could.... and their nutella crepe is to die for!
What a rare find! Everything is made from scratch with love! And the owners, Valerie and Jeff are super friendly and obviously love what they do! My new favorite place ~ can't wait to go back:)
Google Maps might direct you to the wrong part of this complex (they're actually in behind Starbucks) but this restaurant is well worth seeking out! The wait staff was very pleasant and helpful. The food was delicious. We left with food in hand (portions were large) from Sunday brunch and are already planning our next visit for dinner. My wife and I are so happy to have discovered this French gem.
We had lunch here today and cannot wait to go back.  If you want very well prepared, high quality food, this is your place.  Everything was superb and amazing.  I highly recommend this place and if we lived in Scottsdale we would be regulars.m
Drove all the way over here and it was closed at noon on a Wednesday.  Hours say 11am to 3pm on yelp.  Annoying when you only have an hour for lunch.
My girlfriend and I came here late on a Friday night and couldn't have had a better experience. The food was all delicious, especially the crepes and the brie. The service was prompt and included some very helpful and affordable wine recommendations. We'll definitely be coming back!
Our first night in Scottsdale, we searched Yelp for a place to have dinner, and luckily found this wonderful place that was so great we went back the next day for brunch.  The owners are gracious and welcoming, the house wine delicious, and we loved every dish we ordered.  We are looking forward to going back for lunch today!
