I really like the remodeling going on
It's a mcdonald's. What else to say? It's what you'd expect: delicious food, really quick service and friendly people working the registers. Also a really high-quality atmosphere for a Mcdonald's, not the usually plastic look and feel, it actually seems like a real nice restaurant.
Disgusting! Food tastes like any other McDonalds, restaurant is as dirty as a pigsty.
Always predictable, value menu always good.
Very friendly staff and decent food. Lots of kids in the play place. Pretty nice Mcdonalds.
Gross food horrible parking.
Slow service and the Burger was over cooked and served with a stale bun. This is not the quality I expect from McDonald's! Other customers were waiting 20 minutes for their orders to be served. Seems like they could do a lot better with customer service and food prep.
Ice cream comes out of he machine like paste. Please get it fixed. 

Thanks
Me no likely. Dirty bathrooms
very friendly staff, i complained about how they messed up my order at the other Mcdonald, the staff replaced my order here at no charge! wow
It's McDonald's. You get what you'd expect...consistently tasty, fast, low quality food.
This place is like a day care kids running all over the place climbing on tables and chairs...... Also the line  reaches the front entrance
Very friendly service. Very nice Manager. ^_^
Nicest mcdonalds i have ever been in,  great seating, good service, felt more like a nice coffee shop than a fast food restaurant.
This place still sucks. Ordered a double cheeseburger & got a single patty that was falling apart (picture uploaded) Yeah, still sucks.
Choose another fast-food restaurant in this town to get a bite to eat. Service and quality of food are definitely not worth the wait in line. Wait to reach the next big city to get your McDonald's fix.
Pretty standard McDonald's.
If you are looking to get sick you found that right place!  The food is horrible!  Low quality and bad service!
The best service 

& 

quality food 


in McDonald's Corporation!
It is what it is its crap cheap food but they have free wifi which I love
The prices are going up and quality is sliding. I thought McCafe would help bring competitive prices to the industry but unfortunately are on par with Starbucks.
Staff are very friendly, a lot of times the hashbrowns and fries taste and smell like the fish.  Need to cook the fish in a separate fryer.  Clean inside and outside.
Maybe it's just me, but it seems like the staff at this location isn't all that friendly.
I enjoyed my visit here. Very friendly staff and pretty clean too. The food was good and you really can't complain about it.
Slow service. Did not enjoy
Love the filet of fish sandwiches.  The pomegranate smoothie is fantastic.  Service was fast and friendly. Will come back again.
No Hot Mustard :(
Good place to go for cheap food, great location, especially in the Tempe area.  Fast and friendly service.
old hard fries. stale bread on cheesburgers.  will never be back to this location.
The cleanest and comfortable atmosphere McDonald's by far.  Our orders are always to the "T" with friendly. Thank you for your great customer service keep up the good work
Not a typical McDonald's, really clean, unusually friendly staff and I got my food in under 45 seconds. Nice place.
3 stars for hot n spicy McChickens.
Standard McDonalds. Clean, friendly staff. Quick drive through service. Yummy smoothies & hot fudge sundaes
McDonald's makes cheeseburgers.
That service was hot fast and tasty
Clean inviting atmosphere for decor, and the staff is friendly!
they are forgiven for not have ice cream.. Fries good, onion chedder burger I like
